add host firewall blog post (#39)
cilium/cilium.io: src/posts/2022-03-15-host-firewall/index.md

---
date: '2022-03-15T17:00:00.000Z'
title: 'Kubernetes Security — Explore Cilium host firewall and host policies'
ogImageUrl: 'https://www.berl.at/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/web3.jpg'

> ogSummary: 'Create network policies that apply to the nodes in the host namespace'
> categories:
>   - How-To
> externalUrl: 'https://opengraph.githubassets.com/d943cca3ef312badcecaac816afcd67ff176d5ef51590e34b190ceb397511dbc/cilium/cilium/issues/14749'

Author: ```suggestion
ogSummary: 'Create network policies that apply to nodes in the host namespace'
categories:
  - How-To
externalUrl: 'https://medium.com/@charled.breteche/kubernetes-security-explore-cilium-host-firewall-and-host-policies-de93ea9da38c'
```
